website/docs: Revamp Enterprise Docs. (#23920)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/enterprise/enterprise-support.md

1. Log in to the [Customer Portal](https://customers.goauthentik.io/).
2. In the top menu, click **Support**.
3. Open a new ticket or select an existing ticket.

You can also go directly to the [Support center](https://customers.goauthentik.io/l/support).

If you cannot access the Customer Portal, contact [hello@goauthentik.io](mailto:hello@goauthentik.io).

## Include diagnostic information

Include enough context for the support team to understand and reproduce the problem:

- The full authentik version, including the patch version.
- The installation method, such as Docker Compose or Kubernetes.
- A description of the problem and its impact.
- Steps that reproduce the problem, including the expected and observed behavior.
- Relevant logs, error messages, and configuration with credentials and other sensitive values removed.
- Recent deployment, configuration, or infrastructure changes that might be related.

Do not use a support ticket to report a suspected vulnerability. Follow the [security vulnerability reporting process](../security/policy.mdx#reporting-a-vulnerability) so that the security team can handle the report confidentially.

## Product version support

> authentik provides product support for the current release series and the immediately preceding release series. A release series is identified by year and month, such as `2026.5`. Support applies to the latest patch release in each supported series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authentik provides product support for the current major release and the immediately preceding major release. A major release is identified by year and month, such as `2026.5`.
```

> Before opening a ticket, update to the latest patch release available for your supported release series. The support team might ask you to upgrade if a newer patch release already fixes the reported problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The [supported versions table](../security/policy.mdx#supported-versions) lists the release series that currently receive fixes. Upgrade installations on an older release to a supported version before requesting technical support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [supported versions table](../security/policy.mdx#supported-versions) lists the release that currently receive fixes. 
```

## Community support

> Ticket-based support is not included with the open-source edition or Enterprise subscriptions of US$1,000 or less per year. For community support, join the [authentik Discord server](https://goauthentik.io/discord). To report a reproducible product defect, open an issue in the [authentik GitHub repository](https://github.com/goauthentik/authentik/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For community support, join the [authentik Discord server](https://goauthentik.io/discord). To report a reproducible product defect, open an issue in the [authentik GitHub repository](https://github.com/goauthentik/authentik/issues).
```
